next one will be the ring that is Warren
Warren Warren Warren is narrow
just like Broadway looks like Sarah very
simple very easy
he has start from circle on the bottom
and straight up and cover certain
straight and straight and then cover
this standard size about 2/3 but 2/3 of
standard size since then nothing much
there simple
so when the first of all when is good
okay second maybe straight it's not good
sunny good is when up to this point then
we just cover great what's our next one
to be next one is the lot you laughs
loudly laughs lucky laughs God you child
this is a common one
no this is a rare one rajala looks like
what a pan right okay you remember okay
they wider than the standard size and
then on top we will go twist like this
and modular making forehand
go beyond and twist up modular
like you
aren't you
I do yeah so okay proportion very nice
going a little bit this is make sure
it's going a little bit beyond to the
front not really the circle is not
rounded here in this strange line with
this under this one good you can miss
one the crooked actual straight yes okay
final one this will be our last low
consonant and also the last consonant in
Thai system called Hana poof Hana poop
on who is on a pole just like oh man
just like Oh Han I'm studying with the
circle in the middle okay the way to the
landing pad to the right just like my
hand but twist up okay it's like an and
in the middle it standard-size twist up
okay oh no
oh and the twist guy is the twist twist
that might be too narrow see this first
one is good
maybe it's proportion is good okay
neither with fine and it's finally
created make sure it's touching the top
line it's on also narrow too narrow
maybe this one go to video over the line
already so make it low you can be man
thank you very much mrs. Baran one
innovation plan man now attack on how to
learn Thai calm